observation
of some imperial and a
giraffe for some imperial you there coat of arms
in this
example
what are you doing
some
oral
clubs played you went out inaudibly
called it says zenith
no I'm
in the
Urals look I'm asking people from Russia
how you feel about the war
michael is not
well and why
not i didn’t understand the question you said you
ask love i ask the people of
russia how do you feel about the war in
ukraine and what is hardly right
for granted as ukraine is one of the
parties that fulfill their
duties
in the documents signed in the memorandum
you approve
you didn’t understand the war against Ukraine before, you didn’t understand, I told you as it should, you
don’t look for or against
this one, do you support condemning this
continued, I didn’t rush this husband
must mean you think it’s
right, look, it’s raining on your street,
it must be right  methods can’t do
it in any way, you can’t
influence it in any way, for example, a thunderstorm has
begun, you also don’t need to  oh yes,
war is a celestial phenomenon
, or is it that one country
attacked more than
me 5 some as it should
, it happened and then it will be
decided already above congratulations,
see,
I can express my personal opinion
about here, let's get to ours
whether you support personal opinions or not,
well, as my personal opinion, the
Ukrainian side would have come a long time ago, the table
ate the round square ones, they fled and
signed on a peaceful settlement, which
common points of influence were decided, what
would happen, what would not happen, all this
was a professor signed up 2 people
did not understand, I am ready to help
I’m ready to take these peace negotiations, and I’m ready to take my
connections and to take Zelensky so you
took Putin and we signed so that Putin
takes his troops from Ukraine he doesn’t exist
so like everything nafig so pay us a
compensator
who will why why why Russia
why Russia does not want to take his
troops from Ukraine
because there were no proposals
for a peace proposal  you attacked us with data
proposals from ukraine you came attacked
us easier sent a request or
just picked up the phone called don’t
look at us refueled let’s have a
request simple go to hell from our
land what other requests from us can be
write on a piece of paper send
tatyana were there  istanbul where
Putin is where Putin is looking for he
doesn’t meet with his people killers and
he won’t come to about the front
why Putin won’t come to the front
why should he go to the front over there he
sent 100,000 people a mouth he sends
suckers to die like this but for herself  him this
toy
so why should he come I don’t understand not
just I want to understand it’s strange
which is just a special operation
no you don’t understand what you think
that we had a mobilization which we
didn’t look like we have people
who have military work for them  they are military
servants,
I just did it at the top,
explain why this order was for
what these people attacked ukraine on
Kyiv hari won said the guarantor of russia was the non-fulfillment of one of the points of the local protocol as well as the Minsk agreement on 14 years, read the smart thing this is all there in general, then I can look at you well, let's do it if russia is such a good peacekeeper why ukraine 11 times he initiated and to be introduced United Nations peacekeepers are independent, so Russia 1 of 1 blocked this why I don’t know why it’s already narrowly focused if you didn’t understand the athlete cool such tactics you know when you need it on the currency according to methodical and come on I’m not interested in athletes you will tell me you you ask me because if there that we mark it, I agree why Russia has now occupied part of the Zaporozhye Kherson region why look you said that you support it so you support win I treat this as I should, well, how should he, you look it turned out it happened I did so ok, well, look if something has begun, for example  Imer
flew to a comet flew in this case,
let's give your personal opinion why Putin
did it right or wrong, Putin did
that he led troops to Ukraine, here is your personal
opinion,
right, he did it only in order
to resolve this issue, according to
your personal opinion, they did the right thing
wrong
and then on February 25, let's say  if everything
went according to the peaceful settlement
right or wrong, tell me he
did it right, would he look for ukraine
or
misunderstand I tell you about one you tell me
just your position, putin did the right thing
that
everything is regulated,
let's say that and then the war started,
he did what he did right  troops 1 on
February 4 to ukraine or incorrectly due to
non-fulfillment of the documents that he was to
sign he was the guarantor he is obliged he
did the right thing wrong according to you to
me this is not ours even
if it’s not your competence then sit down
drink from a mug something and
in general
said
[ __ ]
you good political  don't watch your country from your
im  Yeni is bombing the people of my country and you will
support this gerty yes that’s right
like a shaft that there is a guarantor of the grand but
when it starts
I don’t know but it’s just that I’m a football player
I’m an athlete I’m not some kind of
manager who deals with some kind of
paperwork  some secretary
let’s do it besides your own, besides football,
what kind of education do you have,
I’m a machinist, in general, by profession,
education is higher,
movement, someone doesn’t, I’m driving a car,
explain
movement, who controls which
horse-drawn rolling stock of an electric locomotive,
see plans for specializations, diesel locomotive,
I have a higher education, that is, if
you have  higher education you have a
certain
educational level, as it were, a logical
level that allows you to draw
some conclusions about that
floor  peaceful people
are dying in ukraine all the anthems and for you it's
like a euro fairy and
whether and why they don’t die when a liter arrives, yes, it’s true, look it turns out before the war, Putin started a war and now he can’t even protect people in Belgorod, it turns out so I’ll watch we didn’t mobilize you could minus you have these people there whom how is it so ukraine is just shelling belgorod warehouses of all sorts of military units how to get it where yours turns out, that is, you have, but well, I say it like how I should have understood you say how to receive it turns out it doesn’t come from a superior if a rocket rocket flies to you in the urals your house, it will also be as it should, and well, it’s also how it should me, I can’t do that, therefore I can’t install this rocket, it’s a ghost in your place in Kyiv, which is a pilot, this super hero, like he was the same, he believes with a spiderman, they are together there we don’t have such went as an example from you now gave your head a ghostly pilot yourself Russians or a saint by nationality I am a Russian Alp, you just support Russians in Bashkiria  for those minutes, consider how you should
have a toughly interesting worldview
so that it doesn’t happen, that is, you
don’t solve anything in this world at all and
everything turns out as it should, I can
solve my problems on what depends on me
if I.  I won’t go to the impact and now
I can solve it if the person already
left above decides on me the
question of what I can no longer affect him,
you understand, I can create
some kind of rally I can go out into the street to
say yes you are there and not necessarily he
will
make my decision  I
never impose anything on anyone, but you can really
single out Ivan, of
course, it’s very unlikely
that something will happen if the rally is justified
messing is registered.
Ukraine if I
go out alone and no one will shoot
me, play I will go out and say a single picket I am
against freedom, no one will do
anything let's do the same let's do an
experiment
give the child give it let's
check we will agree I will go out on a
certain day at a certain hour
the city of uzhgorod khmelnytsky ukraine
with a poster no you don’t,
that is, you can’t go out give no i
can tell you by law  what
is a single picket like this but I
don’t hear you get raked in you know we are
not
alone in
me personally wait for me personally in the city
when it was in 2000 or 17 18 ready well,
let’s say I don’t remember exactly we were forcibly
brewed in our street there were stalls
selling  there 40 water directly to a separate
shop at stops where you can take it down
yes we have a man who had four
or five stalls came to the administration
set up a
single tent he had a single picket he
and there near the administration of the chambers he
said I went bankrupt I have loans I have a
mortgage  return my money to him four
stores provided no help
material
you don't want experiments and so I went out to
my city with a poster no you don't and
put out this poison and the package more and more
questions no so no among you the
tattoo was for posing you served somewhere
I
I don’t have to serve
why now there
was no time minute factory and why do
n’t you go there to help yours compare
mobilization I’ll go help minutes not  from the
sky mobilizations I have another
profession
she is this profession now they work as a machinist
it is not subject to mobilization
I will reveal such secrets to you the machinist is not
subject to mobilization into the main troops
you know he is because
there is no need to choose an artery parallel there is no need for an armored train this is a
railway artery it
is not a mouse for the length of the side
one of the fundamental ones that
provide goods from one point to
another understood yes, the mobile transfer of days
is a wall believing component
that mice can provide them, I
can take 6000 of some kind of cargo to
another point in Russia because of this, a
driver of some kind does not mobilize because of this
so here you are, somewhere you have it all the
same morning we set 2 it’s just cleaning
something you have men some acquaintances
are fighting in ukraine now before
friends are fighting in ukraine or
relatives of
no one
country moscow this
must be my friend  which
currencies in ukraine in ukraine so many
people are fighting as if not  well, you know
how many people you are in
ukraine for mobilization how
disabled you are
in your opinion, so come up with an estimate, well,
something like this, well, 120 at the beginning of february, it’s
just already 37,000 dead, so, well, there
’s still more than 100,000 you understand the
lugansk people’s republic is already
recognized,
I
look  sometimes the driver turns off
and the politician turns on,
but when he is in secret and not me, in short, I’m the
drivers of the prezik, then we all have
to try the aria hotel, not besides the first
world lived so that I would say that I am against
it before I go out for
him because  I want to understand ,
, fire I'm a blogger writing down a question I
won't write about athletes anymore
write something else I just want to
understand why people there someone
supports someone doesn't support
someone abstracts it in general this is all
I should I in short nothing  can i be a
little worm i can't do anything in
this country it's war it should
i should
tell him to people and they will tell you the same way
go fight no well  look I can look I
can say this and to the right why not
which is not when I put which to you
in the cards de breathe and you where do you get the
ruler from where did you get
the action
chosen we choose
to choose you are the Jedi the source of
power is they the power and
you  here, you look, nothing depends on the
office,
I can choose the president and believe me, you
ask me about some kind of military
operations on the territory of another country,
you are already boiling, it
really starts to boil for me, because I
met different characters like this, but here I
You know this, how would I be
interested. Your husbands
want to get into your head.
they chose the president the president decides,
look, and if you carry, and if the president
says so, you should all
take off your pants and have a goal  yy on your
street you will do it not why
are there orders that
contradict the station’s human
rights until
it’s already ok if there is if they accept
changes to the constitution if he wants
salvage they will accept true changes to the
constitution which he is
in fact the king
propylene is called the president by
de facto he  tsar duri president
de facto he rules how do you think about
compras in 99 with a break for a bear
and oh well, there is still Medvedev
Dmitry Oreshkin esper his bears and
how much it turns out to be only 16 years old and
how much Kazakhstan rule was
also the tsar was there and
how much you
don’t
understand if a person  the court makes some
progress as a memento from the country when he
came to the house of the year, but this is what I wanted,
just the engines are just very cool to call something,
look, Russia is a rich
country, it has gold there, oil and gas,
diamond is true,
why then are you  live worse than people
in Europe without gas diamonds oil
will not immediately throw up let's
just talk about what and
proton say I'll talk min  and Europe is
just why a person in the Czech Republic Austria in
Poland lives better than a person in
Bashkortostan to me because the country is
very small small
territorially they don’t need to go somewhere but we need to
take Canada Canada a large country
territorially Canada Russia the
largest country I don’t know I  you can
dig a big hole no more
look let's do it again canada is a huge
country people live by order of magnitude don't
disappear and here
here with a
teak line tightened such a football player to a car
with add 6 e with connection and wickedness in
chat roulette there are sweaty
gasses for me  and pressed like a shawl, we got to
such a diet why are you in trouble from your husband a
big country
ok let's take it from sensual Canada
version on Russians should come to
understand that they live in poverty in a
rich country live in poverty and while
this Moscow this lower clique
will be
pump yourself on yachts to palaces they will
live in poverty
and the only way to rich people
is Disney independence
you will be  independent bashkiria
test towers independent tatarstan independent
buryatia and so on so that not moscow
swings
exploited these despondent and not peoples
enslaved peoples
but these resources remained in these countries
fuss like wider tweed
subscribe to a kilogram directly to him
glory to ukraine